And she said that she did see me. She watched that
match. And that match was a five-set match. Three
out of five. And she said she did see me. But I didn't
see her. I was probably busy. But I remember
looking around for her. Because I wanted to
impress her with my tennis. And she said she didn't
see me. And we did get called up on our date. I went to
the wrong place, or she went to the wrong place. So
we had a date. I was there. Where were you? You
know, that kind of thing. I have to step aside from
coming back to my father. Not coming to the tennis
courts, particularly. Due to lack of time, they'd
be tired. So maybe
they're on to my town. But I spent a great deal of
time on those courts. Hanging around, even on a
rainy day, waiting for them to dry.
which
bunk was
she in the same bunk were you sitting standing
lying uh oh we may have been lying side by side
looking to keep warm it was an affectionate thing
yeah it was you know obviously she must have had
some like towards me to ask me for protection but
and she was an attractive girl and like I said she
was I think she had either a doctorate or some
degree of psychology so she was a career woman I
remember she had wore even one of those wool
dresses so were popular in those days, a knobby
kind of thing, textured school dress, expensive
magnet type thing, nice clothes. Even in that
little resort that was just trying to make it, I was
trying to latch onto it and get my own school going.
The other question would have to do with your early
teaching skin in this country. You said you were
teaching people who were with the Sierra Club and
wanted to know how to get back to their cabins. Were
these people who you taught one-on-one, or did you
have masking classes of people? What was that
like? A variety. Anything from one-on-one that's
private lessons to 30, like every Easter, the
board of directors would come up with their
children. tiny tots up and bring their children
over the Easter weekend and just dump them on me so
that they could go skiing somewhere else. And I had
these thirty kids for four or five years,
probably. And I became, they were so thrilled with
their progress. And I had a little race at the end of
the week, of the Easter week, which we were putting
the poles in a triangle and they had to go under it
because that's what we were doing as kids. and see
all the things that we were doing when I was
teaching. And they loved it. And that's where this
gal, Shafi, was in that class and later became an
Olympic skier. Several of those kids made it to
Dartmouth and to, yeah, onto the Olympic team
because I met the lady of the president of the
Sierra Club, lived in Berkeley, and I visited her.
In fact, I was invited to her daughter's wedding,
and I just feel terrible because I never gave her a
present. I didn't have any money. I was invited to
her daughter's present. She was also in that
class.
Yes, I think Dorothy Leonard. Jean, Dorothy,
something like that. Leonard. Dick Leonard is the
president of this year of this chapter, or maybe
the national, I don't know. But he was an attorney.
and lived in the Berkeley Hills, in a lovely home
overlooking the bay, and they would gather up and
they thought, the world of me, how marvelous, and
the kids all love me, you know, and they became
champions in their own right after that, giving
him a good foundation, fun, Control,
coordination, the fundamentals. What was your
teaching style? Did you stick with the techniques
a lot, or did you stop and tell jokes and stories in
between? The whole thing. I believe in the whole
thing. Maintain, get their attention and hold it,
and you can only hold it by a variety of things
instead of harping on one thing. You wanted to
mention the same kind of relationship activities
with Junior Davis. I did the same thing in APTIS. I
had Junior Davis come volunteer. Volunteer.
Volunteer to, came, a question came through from
the, from the main, tennis association from San
Francisco if I would start a Junior Davis
Cup team in my area there, and I accepted the
assignment. Mark was there, and I hired several,
two or three local guys, Mark, to help me, and we
had, oh God, how many, 40, 50 kids, boys and girls.
And you took a program to, a similar program to
Watsonville? Yes, I had a similar program,
because a lady, the principal of a school from
Watsonville, turned out to be a former national
champion. Barbara Hedlund, a ranked player. And
she found out about this club that we started. This
was kind of a community that was not really into
sports very much until Gina and I got in there. They
had a little, but we really got it going. And
Barbara Hedlund, they came kind of out of the
woodwork, all these people that had been
semi-retired. It was a retirement community,
actually. She and I played doubles together, and
we beat everybody. I mean, we could have gone on and
gotten our own national ranking, but she had
personal problems with her husband. And she and I
would just scream at her. But that would have put
you in a bad position because you would have gotten
too much visibility. It would have been national
publicity again. It was probably a good thing that
whatever problems she had kept you from doing it.
She was in national women's levels. Yeah, she was
national. Yeah, she was already ranked. But her
school, she asked if I would run a tennis program in
Watsonville for her school after ours, which I
did. You were single all that time. How did you
spend your time when you weren't? No, no. Oh, okay.
Before that then, backing up to the point that you
were still single with the skiing and all, how did
you spend your time when you weren't teaching?
Well, usually looking for girls and food, good
restaurants to eat because I didn't know how to
cook. read, and usually girl watching, and maybe
going to a dance here and there. So you go to public
places a lot. Public places, and then would get
involved with my own projects. I'd make up
projects and involve myself unknowingly, like
making movies, getting an 8mm camera and I
discovered a flaw in my backhand in those days and
straightened that out. I got myself a new backhand
by taking movies, taking movies of all the top
players. I have movies of
guys that are now on television. Tony Trabert, his
partner Talbert who runs the who was the
tournament director for the U.S. Open in New York
City. All these guys, they have movies. I studied
all their technique. So I got in these, and I made
ski movies. I found a girl that she always kids me
about because she looks older than she is. She kept
showing up in these movies, good-looking, and she
was a little Jewish girl about... no more than 15
years old, very good-looking and radiant. Can I
tell a quick anecdote about that movie and that
girl? As I indicated, he had never told me very much
of anything, and would shy a hedge on any questions
about relationships. So right after we got the job
as the pro at Beaver's Racquet, the first pro
tennis pro job in Santa Cruz County, and we started
generating some social activities around this
little membership project. One of the things we
did would be to have a mixed doubles night and then
everybody would bring a jug of wine and we'd have
some food and sit around and socialize. And he
decided he wanted to show some of these little
skate movies, which I had not seen. So I'm helping
him. We're getting the projector out and all of a
sudden up here on the screen, it's repeating this
picture of him with this girl somewhere in the
group or together with her and the whole crowd and I
really crack up because I said, who is that woman?
And I've introduced other females. You see, I
broke the rule. You see? And it can only cause
trouble. It never turns out right. And her name was
Wolf. I can't think of her name, but her name was
Wolf, spelled W-O-L-F-F. Very young girl who full
of enthusiasm for my project. She was actually
volunteered to be an assistant. What are we going
to do today, Dennis, type of thing. Show up at your
door. What are we going to shoot today? What story?
So she was a perfect foil partner for me to get
involved in other projects and have a marvelous
time making movies, which I showed on Saturday
nights to hundreds of people. instructional
movies, cartoons. They would come up, okay, let's
make a cartoon. She'd make a clown costume for me so
that I could play the clown. I would make skis out of
barrel pieces, staves, nail old shoes to it so I
could ski backwards and things like that and fall
down and all the audience would just roar, you
know? And I had bought a recorder, and I remember
the songs I recorded as background music to the ski
movies. Pergin Suite makes a marvelous downhill
race. I filmed the Silver Belt, famous race of
Trigger Boat, every year with some of the top
racers in it. Did you watch a lot of movies, Lee
Camp? Yeah, as many as we got, these Hollywood
movies. Marvelous, free movies. Can't beat that.
Did any of them stick with you? I can't think of one
offhand, but you've got to know the movie stars
that kept coming back, the faces, and the
Hollywood productions were great. We didn't see
any other, not one camp incident that you read
about. They showed us the horror movies that I know
of of these concentration camps. We never saw one
of those. So we were nothing but good front movies
playing there. We veered away from Ms. Wolf
successfully. Is there anything about, you can
say, look, I don't know anything about Wolf.
Nothing whatsoever. I considered her much too
young. Just because she looked mature and acted
mature, she wasn't. She did take me to meet their
parents in San Francisco. and they turned out to,
they were engaged in some kind of political thing,
I could tell. There was something going on, and I
didn't really want to get involved. He was a
professor of some sort at the time. It was during
the era that all of the... What, McCarthyism?
Might have been, might have been. I just, and
that's only just guesswork. They were involved in
some books and paper and all this intellectual
stuff, and laying around, and here's this young,
girl, you know, introducing me, and I believe we
had dinner, and she must have told him that she had a
lot of fun up at the Sierra Club with this guy, you
know, making movies. I would assume that's the way
to open it up. But I'm sure... If you had joined a
political party, what party would you have
joined? None. Do you feel yourself, if someone
says... Yeah, the Republicans are doing this and
that. Do you feel more akin? Yeah, I have. Someone
says the Democrats are doing this and that. You
say, gee, I would support that. Yeah, I do. I do feel
about issues. something that was unknown, this
terminology. In fact, I had a conversation with my
niece as I was reading these, since I started
reading some German newspaper that says, they
still don't know how to write published
newspapers. All they can talk about is, first of
all, their words are too long. Nobody can
understand them. And she agreed, yeah, that their
sight is a, a terrible newspaper. No, it doesn't
have to go on. No, okay. Because the words are too
long. And they never have any issues. Where is the
issue? They're looking for issues. And then get
the different sides to the issue. What they have is
a Gespräch, which is an interview. That is a one
side. Well, where in the hell is the other side? Or
what other? You know, where is the... A Gespräch is
a pretty... Well, it's not a good tool to enlighten
people. It's okay. I may be interested in what a
certain person has to say, but where's the issue?
It's the newspaper's job to dig out the issues.
Yes. Which party would you find yourself with if
you were involved in American politics? I guess
I'm not going to do that. No, I don't. You're asking
me a straight question. Just where do you... the
cross-section, the ethnic thing. Very much, Gene
and I, just without knowing, ever discussing
politics prior to our marriage, we just think
alike. One more lucky thing that happened.
Let me ask you, during the times that you were a ski
instructor, when Would the apprehension start
about what you're going to do during the summer?
About January, February, March? Are you starting
to get worried about March? March, yeah. You're
saying, I'm getting concerned. First of May is the
last. I see. So first of May is the end of the season.
Yeah. So you have to start concerning yourself
with what you're going to do this summer. My God,
how am I going to stay alive? Well, and usually I had
no prospects. So I tried to save as much money,
which wasn't very much because these jobs are
low-level kind of jobs as far as money is
concerned. Right. How would you go about
preparing yourself for May 1st? I was saving as
much as I could. And then this goes usually
straight for Stockton, which is in the middle of
the San
Joaquin Valley and the agricultural community.
So if worse came to worse, if I didn't plan to come up
with anything, then I'd just jump on the truck at 5
o'clock in the morning and go out to wherever we
were, find a supply truck, work, pay home, leave.
Was it a scary prospect to leave the security of
skiing traumatic? Was there a one time in
particular that you remember that boy, I'm not
looking forward to this summer at all. I just don't
feel good, I don't have enough money, or I'm
leaving this girl, or I'm... Yeah, you have to
leave your friendship with these beautiful
girls. There was one season, you know, the one that
I met this gal from Sacramento,
and... Who was that? Pardon? Who was that? The girl
from Sacramento? The girl from Sacramento where
Bill Klein told me not to get involved. Oh, yes,
right. Any rich girls. Psychologist.
Psychologist. No, that was in Pendley Hill. The
psychology was in Pendley Hill. She was the one
that was the advertising manager for the Thailand
Country Shopping Center in Sacramento, a brand
new shopping center. And she wrote a column. the
shopping center column about people, that they
still use today, that technique, which, of
course, was totally new to me. This merchandising
technique was my first introduction to business
advertising, an American way of doing business. I
found it fascinating. And she was crazy about this
guy. She thought he was a genius. to do all these
things. And of course, I'm sure he had two or three
Cadillacs and was a big businessman in
Sacramento. So that was a tough time. That was a
tough season for him. You have to give up this
entree by being able to get into this kind of
business world that was so fascinating and
rewarding, obviously, because they were all
driving around in fancy cars, and I probably
didn't even have a car. And you were dating already
with her? Yeah, yeah, a few dates. But it's very
hard to take them out when you don't have any money.
There's certain things to be expected, dinner,
movies. So you were pretty close, and you knew that
when summer came, when May 1st came, you'd have to
leave. and you would not see her again, unless she
showed up for the next season. Yeah, pretty much
so. And so it was pretty hard to, I mean, one assumed
that once May 1st rolled around and you started
your summer work, that she wouldn't wait around.
Chances are you wouldn't see her again the next
season. Which was correct, because she didn't get
married to some wealthy guy from Milwaukee, dear
family. How did you find that out? I did meet her.
Either I called her or she called me, and... when I
was on the peninsula. That surprised me. After
she'd gotten married, she wanted to see me, wanted
to know what I was doing. How long after that? Five
years? That was amazing that she was interested
enough to... I'm trying to think, honey. I
remember we had lunch. We met for lunch up at...
fish market up at North Shore, the beach in San
Francisco, North Beach. I remember being late for
lunch and I had to apologize. We had French bread
and the famous lunch. You were married by that time
or not? No. That must have been a scary thing to have
someone call you out of the past because you have to
stop and think, what did I tell her the first time?
What have I done since then? Well, it was getting
better. I was accumulating a better... I mean, I
had more to tell now. I had a life that I could talk
about. I had a job. I was doing interesting things
myself. So it was actually, you know, every year it
was getting better. It seemed like it wasn't, but
it was. What were you doing at that time on the
peninsula? I was estimating, so it had to be after
Herb died, and I'd already moved to, because Herb
was in East Bay, Oakland, and then I got a job with
AMCO, which had a place in Oakland, but they also
had a place on the peninsula, and they transferred
me to the peninsula across the bay, and I moved into
San Mateo, and...
I left them for Clark Door,
which was a cabinet and pre-hung door shop,
similar to what Earl had, only more cabinets and
things. And so I worked for these Clark boys. They
had hired me away from somebody I had been a
competitor of theirs and what I would do is I would
go to my competitors and surprisingly they would
offer me jobs because I was hurting them. Sure. So
they would say, okay, why don't you bring over your
clients to mine? We need the business. We'll give
you $15 more. What are you making? And they would up
my salary a little bit, and I would bring as many
clients as I could over to the next guy. So when
somebody was hassling me or they wanted to put the
screws to me, then I would look for a competitor and
take my clients with me. Is it hard for you to leave
people?
My friends, yes, but when they put the screws to me,
no. And can you usually find a reason why they're
putting the screws to you? What I'm curious about
is, does the decision to leave come first, and then
looking for a good reason, they're hassling me?
Remember that time they said this and this and
this, and then you create, you engineer a reason to
leave you. Does the leaving come first, or does the
hassling come first? The hassling comes first.
Oh, okay. So you begin to feel that they really are
down on you for some reason? You know how
management is. You're talking about people that
know very little more than you do, are in charge of
you. Right. So I don't, you know, and I'm also in
many... cases, as Gene finally pointed out to me,
is that I'm usually a threat to them. I usually
threaten my own managers. So in those days I was
very outspoken, and I still am, which is not very
smart. I'm not skilled in the corporate gameplay.
I read books. I try to learn like Peter's Principle
and things like that. I try to get away from my
bluntness and use more diplomacy. And Jean helps
me with that a lot. But it's hard for you to leave
people, or it's not? It just depends on how they...
I want to add a little something here. To... to me,
he has very often said or expressed his attitude
that if somebody does something like that to him,
they don't exist anymore. And I've seen him do
this. They simply do not exist. I have the same
opinion. Yeah, I could, you know, they just died.
Yeah. And so there have been a lot of times when
maybe that influenced me, too. I didn't really
think that that would happen to us, but that if I did
hassle them too much, I would not exist. Right. and
i thought then when finally we got down to that
point where i was ready that was included what was
going to happen i would walk out the door and i would
no longer exist well that wouldn't exactly have
happened but the impression is this all with
everybody or is that just the selected no this is
selected to get out of the situation uh you can't
you can't go on disliking somebody and worrying
about it and you've got to get on and change get out
of the situation and the best way is to just to leave
to leave and but you never had the feeling that gee i
wish i'd left a note or gee i wish i had sent a
postcard yeah with a lot of those like i said just in
a very with the people that are especially very,
very kind to me, super sweet people, talk to a bunch
of people that I feel bad about. But even the ones I
had hassles with, I didn't really want to hassle. I
didn't realize I was threatening anybody for
their jobs. Maybe I was. I wanted to get a better
job, true. But I didn't realize that they thought I
was getting after their job. I just wanted a better
job. But they feel always threatened. So that was
news to me. Once I learned that, that helped me a
lot. Not much. Let me ask you a question about the
time you spent in Berkeley. It sounds like a very
important period. Yes. It sounds as though you
were coming out. Yes. I'm going to go downstairs.
Yeah. That was a marvelous experience. About when
was that? I
was working for her at the time. Because my first
decent job, steady
job,
steady paycheck, none of us worrying about the
summer and winter. So I had to be 53, 54 at the time
slot. And so Herb played tennis, not as much as I
did, because he worried about his business on
Saturday.
He'd go
in and work a few hours. And I would go in once in a
while, but not all the time. And on these courts, I
met all these foreign students or ex-students
that stayed over.
Lowell Welsh. these guys that hang around the
tennis courts. Right. Put me in that place. You are
living in Berkeley, or are you living around
Berkeley? Could I just go for the thing? Oh, sure,
sure. Now it's on. Okay. Let me ask you about
Berkeley. That sounds like an important period.
Very. First of all, it had all the ingredients
of... early Greek and its freedom of expression,
symposiums.
I had some, you know, I could talk about those
things a little bit, because I had known about, I
had heard about Greeks, I had the history, and I
knew what symposium meant, and I knew what freedom
of expression meant, and standing up, and having,
voicing your opinion. How did you find yourself in
Berkeley?
I had tried San Francisco, and Of course, I checked
out, I'm constantly checking out, looking for
places. And I had liked Berkeley. As soon as I drove
into town, or rather the bus came into town, Lake
Merritt is right in the middle, lovely place. And
the people, it's more residential, less business
oriented, the downtown area. And I had a good
feeling about the town. And, of course, I think it
must have been with Herb, because Herb was in East
Oakland on 33rd Street. That was my first job on
that side of the bay. And I had been there, through
there, because Berkeley is on that side. And these
people lived there, the director of the Sierra
Club. Oh, someone's coming.
How much time do we have here? So you're in
Berkeley. You came in by bus.
Herb said, I got a car, company kind of car I could
use to go make calls with. And like I say, the first
two weeks I had this accident with it, practically
demolished the whole front end of it. Well, that
was the old Plymouth. Yeah, the old Plymouth.
Yeah. And... So I had the whole territory, the
whole Bay Area, which is five million people, that
I, he says, I don't, after the first week of looking
around in the shop for how we manufacture this
product, he says, you can get out and find some
work. I need the work. Right. I got all these doors
here. We got to sell them. Right. didn't really
give me a few hints as to where to go, who to see, you
know, and the rest of it is up to you. I just started
to prowl the area for jobs, and I developed an eye
for any kind of raw lumber within my vision. When I
see a two by four, I know there has to be some
construction going on. And I enjoyed that very
much. Just this independence, this freedom.
Nobody hassling you while you're out looking. And
the searching was part of my The prowling around
for something was part of my makeup anyway. So it
fell right into my moving, not standing still and
waiting to be discovered. Yes. The flight almost
like a salesman is a hunter itself. Yes, I see that
too. To find jobs. Yeah, to find jobs. So that fell
right into it. So I was successful from the
beginning. He was always amazed at the new jobs
that I would find. How did you run into Turk and
these people? So then, on weekends, I lived in the
middle of town, which is between, the job was in
East Oakland, I lived in Lake Merritt in a boarding
house, and always looking, finding things,
where's tennis courts, checked out Davies
Stadium, the one that's in Merritt, Lake Merritt,
it's a city-run place, and I was very cliquish, I
could not get in, very well. They played with each
other, and the tennis players were very cliquish.
I got to play a little bit, but not enough, so I was
looking for other courts. Found some in Alameda,
friendly people, the Irish people.
He became national ranked, was on the Davis Cup
team. He'd just been returned from the, he was
junior champion, and I met his mother and father,
they were running his courts. They took me in,
played some tennis in Alameda, which is a
peninsula there. But I remember distinctly in
those days, that cars were driving all around
these courts, that I had difficulty serving,
because when you served, I had to take my eyes off
the traffic, if you can imagine watching the
traffic while playing tennis. And it always has
bothered me to take my eye... Off the ball. Off the
traffic, off my surroundings. Because at that
time, I felt very... and I have difficulty. I
wanted to be able, I wanted to play and see is there a
car parked over there, is there somebody watching
me, that kind of thing. When did you live at Black
Mirror? What year was that? In the early part. What
year? Did I ever
tell you that in 1959 I lived on Bandana Boulevard
about four or five blocks from where we're
driving? It never stops, does it? So a
lot of it is just moving around. One man down in
Boulevard, Mr. Bob Lake Merritt, and he's talking
about a groovy house that was right in that...
Manzanito. Manzanita? Manzanita. What's that?
Tree or? Manzanita. Manzanita. And I lived on Man
Man. Yeah, had to be very close. I don't know. I
don't know. I don't know. I don't know. So you got in
with a bunch of Berkeley students? Students,
yeah. And these guys that hang around are
regulars. One of them, good player, and very
German-looking with a very German name, Lowell
Welch. And he took a liking to me, and I took a liking
to him. And then Ed Christian, who was obviously
Swedish, was also a good player and liked to play
with me. I gave him a good match. He was an executive
for the telephone company. And also a skier. He
knew me from skiing, so I had an in. Because the same
people that play tennis in the Berkeley courts
also were skiers. The more affluent people, very
athletic. And that person knew me, had seen me at
Sugar Bowl. So he was a bachelor. And we almost
became friends to some degree. You know, I just
kind of kept my distance because I either didn't
have any money or whatever. But he did invite me to
his place up at Tahoe a few times, opening and
closing his chalet, driving his convertible to
Tahoe. And these students now, then the old Welsh,
who took me to meet his family, his wife. And he was a
strange one. He had these paraplegic children.
Oh, yes, right. But he was always looking for girls
for some reason. But he was very shy and a very
complex person, really. He was not really a threat
to anybody, but he would always chase some... He
was a looker. I don't know what you call it. He
wouldn't really do anything about it because he
had a little speech problem. He stammered. So he
got right up to it, and then he couldn't speak. Oh,
yeah, he would hang around the Rose dancing. He
would go dancing. He was a marvelous dancer. And
although he was married with three children, he
would go dancing to the Rose. Did you ever go
dancing to him? Yeah, he took me to the Rose. I've
got to tell you this. Maybe I didn't. I know I did. I
told you about the time when I was working in
Berkeley, and I went to apply for a job. I needed
extra money. I had a job, and I needed extra money.
And one of the gals that worked with me was when I was
on Mandan. I worked for this small company down in
Portland, Alabama. We went to the Rose Room
ballroom to apply to be a dance hostess. And the
only reason I didn't get the job was because I
couldn't afford the evening dance that you had to
buy. So I never really got it. Because you saw a
couple of shady characters standing nearby. Very
fair. They sell their tickets. Ten cents a dance.
So then this Turk would come around. His name was
Sadat Sermon. Sadat Sermon. Sadat Sermon. We
called him Sid. And a real charmer with the boys.
He'd come, always new balls. He was the only one
that had new balls every time. And tell these tales
about his girlfriends. We would always beat him
badly, six-love, six-one. And he says, oh, I'm too
tired. I had this last night. Yeah, right. And he's
fat and orgy or whatever he is. And Lowell and I
would look at each other and say, this, we want to
find out. Sure. How does he do that? He was telling
us he just had a divorce, but he spent the night with
his ex-girl. But he had this other girl over there
and another one over there. And he met some nurses.
And he, I mean, he was just, you know, our eyes were
just like this. So. And he says, okay, let's go to
Laval's and have some beer and pizza. And it
started to rain, and okay, let's go down there,
fine. And we'd order something, and we'd count our
money a little bit, you know, we can't, never mind,
never mind, just bring that over here, here, you
know, pick up the check. Hey, I mean, he was just...
We thought he had an oil well or something. He was a
rich student from Iran. I guess it was back then. It
doesn't exist anymore. Changed oil. Changed oil.
And we knew his father was a minister of some kind.
One day, Lowell told me, you know, I found out where
Sadat lives. He would never tell us where he lives.
I always moved around. I stayed there with my
ex-wife. These are really your kind of people,
then. Yeah. They're moving from one place to the
other. They've got nicknames and mysterious
rooms. Yeah, I fit right in. It's a very safe place
to be. Yeah, yeah. So Lowell said, I found out where
he lives. Let's go bust in on him. That's the reason
why. I followed. We found a nice new apartment
building. And we knocked on his door. He says, I've
seen him go in there. I've seen him go in there with
groceries. We all had followed him. And we knocked
on the door. Finally, somebody answered. This
girl, I guess, who are you? Just kind of stammered
around. I guess I had to do the talking. And he was
looking for Sid. I said, oh, Sid, he's not here
right now. He may be back in an hour. Would you care
to wait? Yeah. So she just walked in and sat down and
we talked. You know, what is this? She just maybe
brought out some potato chips.
And we waited for Sid. When he came in, I think he
almost had a heart attack. What are you guys doing
here? As it turned out, he did not want his women are
put away somewhere and they are not to have any
contact with anybody. So anyway, we wanted to know
his method of how he was so successful. And we
studied, believe me, we begged him for
information.
he revealed everything that they were taught as
boys in Iran, you know, wherever he was from. And
all these rules that you have to have. Do not talk
about other girls in front of your girlfriend. And
I did that, and I got walled out. And you do not try to
stash him away and get his little contact with the
outside world. So you keep him quiet. Stash him
away. Stash him away somewhere. I understand all
that. You understand all that, see? And, you know,
he came in with two bags of groceries. Always be
generous, you know, with that. Of course, Lowell
and I, neither one knew how to be generous. We
didn't have any money, but it wasn't even part of
our makeup, you know, to be that generous. Yeah,
yeah, that generous. And so now that we found him,
so he couldn't very well throw us out. So we started
to have good fun. And Dorothy, what was her name?
She now had some company. And she found it
entertaining that somebody, while she was
waiting for Sadat, who was maybe sleeping with
some other girls, you know. Which she was not aware
of. No, no. He would call her, no matter where he
was, that he couldn't make it, you know, he was tied
up or something. And so we learned all these things
that we knew nothing about, as to how to brainwash
these girls. Right. You know what I'm saying? Did
he ever cut you in on some of these things? We asked
to. Yeah, we could have, but he traveled in other
company. He was tied up with his boss. He was
supplying his boss with girls, you see, and set up
these things, which in turn meant he had a fabulous
job with a guy who evidently was in there by then
because he was the founder of the MasterCard.
That guy sounds like a pimp, if you want my honest
opinion. Yeah, but also he knew money, how to make
money, you know? Right, but a classy one, right.
Yeah, classy. I think in that culture, he's... No,
it's not considered... I don't mean to say... So I
always... So you were really a drop-in that these
guys all attended school, or no? No, he had
probably overstayed his visa by then. Probably
was an illegal alien. And Lowell was a student?
Lowell? No, he dropped out a long time ago. He just
hung around. But he was an excellent tennis
player. So you'd hang around in the student union?
or the university part? Nothing to do with the
university. No, that would scare me. I'd walk
through it just to see the buildings. So it was just
living in Berkeley. See, when I see the word
Berkeley, I think of the university. Yeah, I walk
through, and I like to be near it. And I like to see
the trees, and the kids, and walking with their
books, and all that. And I was probably very
jealous that I couldn't go to university. But I
didn't see a way to get in. But how long did you spend
in Berkeley? Probably three or four years. Three
or four years? No, so this is a very... Yeah, it was a
very stimulated period. And these same people
were with you all that period? Yeah. Turk and
Lowell and... Lowell and then George Dufort and
Christian... The telephone executive. George
Dufort? George Dufort, who later became the
assistant district attorney up at Plastic
County. Right, he's the one who was your... At our
wedding. At the wedding. Dufort, F-O-R-D?
D-U-F-O-R-T.
T-U-F? No, D-U-F-O-R-T. D-U-F-O-R-T, got it.
very handsome. He went on to become the district
attorney? Assistant. He was assistant to the DA
when we were there. Did that concern you? A little
bit, because I assumed they'd see the pictures and
they have, you know, i wouldn't get all the
pictures but they are certainly in law
enforcement or somewhere sure and so i was but
somehow george was also a very he wasn't he wasn't
that kind of a guy he was he wasn't by the book he's
had his own problem he was too good looking you know
and so and we had a by that time i felt there was a
diversion there that he wouldn't associated me
with any of this because of my tennis.